hi mrs. Bella here's Isaiah ok so this
is our tokidoki day yes it is tokidoki
day don't get up today we have a
tokidoki Marvel 2010 good for day yeah
we got in Hawaii ha and we brought it
all the way back there is really cold
Japan store and we pick that up and a
bunch of other cool stuff though so what
are we opening we're upping dot doughnut
tella uniqlo no seriously we have one of
those we have one of those what only I
had a sucky ducky unicorn out frenzies
and took you guys presence alright so
here are what are the ones that we
already have four series 3 so we're
trying to complete our stat and then I
think for the friends these I think this
is a frenzy is but I think her knees
Sally I could be wrong so don't poke me
I'm up and
those ones make the Frenzy's over there
make noise so you guys should check that
out with you buy them ok so those are
the frenzy so let's see what you want to
get all right what all right you guys ok
ok picks you scissors I mean I alright
so I'll go do a shot with a whole
tokidoki shirt on he's got his cool took
a good turn on Isabella's go giant ok so
has I good sled please there he goes ok
now it's dead took to turn it to the
side for me alright alright you really
see what they got we gotta juggle all
right let's see all right she is cute
though see what she got this we don't
have that one that one makes noises too
when you open the box awesome ok so one
goes in the doubles box and won you won
all right let's check out these donut
eliz
oh no part gimme two boxes cool today
papi goes Mookie Ellen it's our new
plenty ok go for it how are you guys
don't get that donut donut flowers
flowers donut awesome chef-owner cronuts
the croissant doughnut they're on babies
it was something ghetto you were talking
about yeah I thought that was something
good Alan Ball with corona send you
things are I thought you were talking
hood sorry understood don't like him
pronounce its delicacy on the Food
Channel shall be happy okay gonna watch
a solution oh haha that's what foodies
do they know about you eeks oh oh the
other foodie we know is I think collect
the toys you guys should check her out
on Instagram because she puts food like
two three times a day that would be like
your best friend we eat a lot I guess I
got shut out all over there all right
thank you very thank you good bye bye